A collection of Bash scripts I've written and use on a semi-regular basis.

aurood - Arch Linux specific. Finds foreign packages and determins if the
provides are out of date according to the official repos. Useful if you use
packages with a suffix that are similar to the official packages (e.g.
vlc-nox).

bcc - a nearly "JIT" compiler for C. compiles and prints the results of simple
C programs.

csv2html - convert STDIN or one/many csv files to html table.

dmenu_launch.sh - a wrapper for dmenu. Defines the look as well as providing
special handling of specific terminal apps.

ethconf - a convenience wrapper around ifconfig and route.

ethstat - parses information in the /proc directory to display Rx and Tx 
statistics for network devices.

getProp - wraps and parses xprop for ease of use with DWM.

git-all - perform a command across all git repos.

git-retrotag - retroactively tags a git repo based on a VERSION file in the
repo.

hex2rgb - parses an Xresources color file and outputs color settings in hex.
This was written to facilitate transferring color schemes to PuTTY.

list2html - convert a simple single column list of input to an HTML table with
a defined number of columns.

newX - convenience wrapper to run a program in a new X server.

permpath - shows owner/group and permissions along a file path

randomJunk - transforms the output of /dev/urandom into passwords of varying 
length and quantity.

randomWallpaper - pick a random wallpaper from a provided base directory.

simplentp - polls time.nist.gov for the current time and sets the hwclock,
followed by sync'ing the hwclock to the system time.

sortwp - requires imagemagick. sorts pictures (wallpapers) ratio and resolution
into a provided directory structure.

volOSD - convenience wrapper to bind to a hotkey in DWM (or other WM). Changes
volume via amixer or ossmix and displays volume notification via notify-send.

waffles - iterates over a directory of downloaded torrents to find which 
directories contain files with only 1 hard link. I use this for organizing my
(legally) downloaded music.

wgetzen - a convenience wrapper intended for bare bones browsers like uzbl
or jumanji. uses zenity to display progress from wget. yes, the cancel button
on the zenity dialog does cancel wget.

xo - a simplistic implementation of xdg-open. define associations by mime type
or extension.
